in my previous video I disclosed the
initial findings of the rothschilds US
asset sales let's take a deeper look you
came here for the truth previously I
discussed this chart right here let's
briefly cover it for those who haven't
seen it u.s. dollars have been sold off
in the last six months by the
Rothschilds and they've been buying
sterling euro and others all of this
information is publicly available you
can do a search online
13f it shows you all of the holdings for
all of these different companies it is
public information you can look this up
for yourself now there are other
websites which will compile this data
and formulate it into a much easier to
use website Holdings channel is just one
of them and what they show you in this
example our IT Capital Partners top
holdings something very important has
happened they've bought into energy
specifically out of Brazil and they've
sold off SMP Global Inc so it looks like
they are going ahead buying it to energy
selling off US assets that's what I'm
discussing here today let's go in a
little deeper this is another website
whale wisdom and it might be hard to
read the volunteer so I'll quickly cover
it there in the energy sector a massive
purchase of PBR dot a and you can see
the size of which they have purchased
comparative to the size of the actual
font itself and the SPG eye being sold
off it seems that they're not just
selling the currency they're also
selling the market as well this is very
telling to me and what's happening with
the Rothschilds what they are doing you
don't have to be in to the inside to
know what they do this information is in
fact public and you can see that with
the 13 FS let's look just very quickly
into the SPG I just the outline who owns
it exactly all of the big names Vanguard
Blackrock Morgan Stanley JP Morgan this
is the US stock market
and the Rothschilds seem to believe that
there's no reason to hold it any longer
do they think that the stock market is
going to come down and energy is going
to rise particularly oil to rise I don't
know but that looks like it is based on
what they're doing perhaps they just
feel that the price is depressed they
could sell again in short order that's
for sure now there's a growing trend
that has been taking place that is not
being discussed and I need to bring that
to you right now so let's take a quick
look at this right out of CNBC investors
pull billions from the US stocks in the
longest outflow streak since 2004
investors have pulled 30 billion from US
stocks over the last 10 weeks that's
according to the Bank of America this is
the 10th straight week of withdrawals
long as the more than a decade
international positioning changes also
indicates investors are becoming more
defensive so they're worried they're
wondering what's going to happen
interest rates are rising what's
happening politically the outflows occur
despite the S&P 500's nearly 1% gain
this quarter and a record high on August
8 it will not stop the flood let's look
deeper into the article investors are
fleeing and what I wanted to know here
was also the trend of emerging markets
and European and Japanese stocks they
saw a 36 billion dollar inflow over the
last ten weeks so this right here is
very important particularly with
European emerging markets the money
seems to be flowing in that direction
and perhaps the u.s. bull has run its
course
I don't know I'm just going based on
these pieces of information in this
particular article
in this particular video let's look at
this quickly weeks of consecutive us
fund outflows just to give you an idea
of how high this really is we haven't
seen that during the financial crisis we
haven't seen that up until now up in
previously 2004 so it is very
significant I think this is important
you can see this look at what the
Rothschilds are doing look at what all
the big names are doing follow them by
doing a search online for the 13 F
remember that you got that information
here at the money GPS if you found this
video informative please give me a
thumbs up and last but not least if you
found the video informative I know you
will find my books the money GPS and my
new release global economic collapse
even more informative so check these
books out and Amazon you can flip
through them and the links are in the
description below
take care